Document backup when using `user` setting. Fixes #626 (#628)
sissbruecker/linkding: docs/backup.md

```
This creates a `backup.sqlite3` file in the Docker container.

> Finally, to copy the backup file to your host system, execute the following command:

Author: ```suggestion
To copy the backup file to your host system, execute the following command:
```

To restore the backup, just copy the backup file to the data folder of your new installation and rename it to `db.sqlite3`. Then start the Docker container.

> #### Custom `user`

Reviewer: I feel "custom user" might be a bit confusing, as there is no such option documented in linkding, and it actually refers to a docker option. 

Personally I'm a bit confused about the new commands as well - it only changes the folder, however in the issue you mentioned that you used a command that also sets a user for the docker command:
```
$  docker exec -u "${PUID}:${PGID}" -it linkding python manage.py backup /etc/linkding/data/backup.sqlite3
```

Instead of documenting this twice, maybe it would make more sense to:
- Create a `backups` folder in the bootstrap script of the docker container, set appropriate permissions on that, and then just reference that folder in the existing documentation
- Or change existing documentation to just use `/etc/linkding/data`

Author: > Or change existing documentation to just use /etc/linkding/data

I got concepts mixed up. I do agree that changing the documentation is sufficient. Will address that.

> The default instructions assumes that the process has permissions to write to `/etc/linkding` (`root` by default). However, that may not be the case in case the containers is being ran with a custom `user`. In those cases, you can export the backup to  `/etc/linkding/data` where the same user should have permissions to write to.

Author: ```suggestion
The default instructions assumes that the process has permissions to write to `/etc/linkding` (`root`). However, that may not be the case in case the container is being ran with `user` set. In those cases, you can export the backup to  `/etc/linkding/data` where the same user has write permissions.
```

To restore the backup, just copy the backup file to the data folder of your new installation and rename it to `db.sqlite3`. Then start the Docker container.

#### Rootless

> If you are running rootless container, you may be passing a `user` that has owns a folder binded to `/etc/linkding/data`.

Author: ```suggestion
If you are running rootless container, you may be passing a `user` that owns the folder binded to `/etc/linkding/data`.
```

> #### Rootless
> 
> If you are running rootless container, you may be passing a `user` that owns the folder binded to `/etc/linkding/data`.
> 
> Given that `/etc/linkding` can only be writted by `root`, you will need to export the backup to `/etc/linkding/data` instead. 
> 
> In summary, execute the following command:

Author: ```suggestion
#### Custom `user`

The default instructions assumes that the process has permissions to write to `/etc/linkding` (`root` by default). However, that may not be the case in case the containers is being ran with a custom `user`. In those cases, you can export the backup to  `/etc/linkding/data` where the same user should have permissions to write to.

In summary, execute the following command:
```

```shell

> docker exec -u "${PUID}:${PGID}" linkding python manage.py backup /etc/linkding/data/backup.sqlite3

Author: ```suggestion
docker exec linkding python manage.py backup /etc/linkding/data/backup.sqlite3
```

Found out that this is not needed
